(speaking in foreign language)
- I like to say great thing to you.
You all as to be the royal era,
iron oxide 2,148 years.
And today is the beginning of the new year or tomorrow.
We were the beginning of the new year.
And also marks the beginning of the 15th day,
Miraculous Month, very special month
that the Buddha Shakyamuni performed,
Miraculous Activities.
It is one of the very meritorious,
virtuous day for the Buddhist practitioners.
So I really like to say everyone very, very happy,
healthy, beautiful, everything.
And long life, joy, peace,
lateralizations, and normal, all the difficult troubles,
and the pandemics and the disease completely disappeared
on the atmosphere in this world.
And beautiful, everything comes really in your life,
lives for everyone.
So we can stay peace and happy and harmonious
and so beautiful.
That's really our wish.
And I that wish, we took it with the Sangha members
with my family, everyone.
(speaking in foreign language)